Methods for maintaining partitions with partman (#81)
braintree/pg_ha_migrations: README.md

end
```

#### safe\_partman\_create\_parent

Safely configure a partitioned table to be managed by [pg\_partman](https://github.com/pgpartman/pg_partman).

This method calls the [create\_parent](https://github.com/pgpartman/pg_partman/blob/master/doc/pg_partman.md#creation-functions) partman function with some reasonable defaults and a subset of user-defined overrides.

The first (and only) positional arg maps to `p_parent_table` in the `create_parent` function.

The rest are keyword args with the following mappings:

> - `key` -> `p_control`. Required: `true`

Author: I used `key` here to be consistent with the method signature of `safe_create_partitioned_table`. However, we haven't released a new version since that method was added so we _could_ change it in both places without breaking backwards compatibility if you feel strongly

> - `key` -> `p_control`. Required: `true`

Reviewer: I think that would be valuable. I did later notice that method also, and it's slightly less meaningful there, but I think it will improve readability in both cases (potentially a good amount).

- `interval` -> `p_interval`. Required: `true`
- `template_table` -> `p_template_table`. Required: `false`. Partman will create a template table if not defined.
- `premake` -> `p_premake`. Required: `false`. Partman defaults to `4`.
- `start_partition` -> `p_start_partition`. Required: `false`. Partman defaults to the current timestamp.

Note that we have chosen to require PostgreSQL 11+ and hardcode `p_type` to `native` for simplicity, as previous PostgreSQL versions are end-of-life.

Additionally, this method allows you to configure a subset of attributes on the record stored in the [part\_config](https://github.com/pgpartman/pg_partman/blob/master/doc/pg_partman.md#tables) table.

> These options are delegated to the `unsafe_partman_update_config` method to update the record:

Author: > Some projects attempt to hide complexity by having code determine the intent and magically do the right series of operations. But we (and by extension this gem) take the approach that it's better to understand exactly what the database is doing so that (particularly long running) operations are not a surprise during your deploy cycle.

Do we think this violates this principle?

- `infinite_time_partitions`. Partman defaults this to `false` but we default to `true`
- `inherit_privileges`. Partman defaults this to `false` but we default to `true`
- `retention`. Partman defaults this to `null`
- `retention_keep_table`. Partman defaults this to `true`

With only the required args:

```ruby
safe_create_partitioned_table :table, type: :range, key: :created_at do |t|
  t.timestamps :null => false
end

safe_partman_create_parent :table, key: :created_at, interval: "weekly"
```

With custom overrides:

```ruby
safe_create_partitioned_table :table, type: :range, key: :created_at do |t|
  t.timestamps :null => false
  t.text :some_column
end

# Partman will reference the template table to create unique indexes on child tables
safe_create_table :table_template, id: false do |t|
  t.text :some_column, index: { unique: true }
end

safe_partman_create_parent :table,
  key: :created_at,
  interval: "weekly",
  template_table: :table_template,
  premake: 10,

>   start_partition: (Time.current + 1.month).to_fs(:db),

Author: Hmm maybe... So partman does support using an integer (representing epoch time) as the partition key, _but_ for simplicity our code does not support that (you would need to set `p_epoch`). So maybe we can assume this value is either a `Time` object or a string representing a `Time` object and parse it accordingly?

>   start_partition: (Time.current + 1.month).to_fs(:db),

Reviewer: I think we should just required it to be a `Time` or `Date` or `DateTime` instance.

We have chosen to flag the use of `retention` and `retention_keep_table` as an unsafe operation.
While we recognize that these options are useful, we think they fit in the same category as `drop_table` and `rename_table`, and are therefore unsafe from an application perspective.
If you wish to define these options, you must use this method.

```ruby
safe_create_partitioned_table :table, type: :range, key: :created_at do |t|
  t.timestamps :null => false
end

unsafe_partman_create_parent :table,
  key: :created_at,
  interval: "weekly",
  retention: "60 days",
  retention_keep_table: false
```

#### safe\_partman\_update\_config

There are some partitioning options that cannot be set in the call to `create_parent` and are only available in the `part_config` table.
As mentioned previously, you can specify these args in the call to `safe_partman_create_parent` or `unsafe_partman_create_parent` which will be delegated to this method.
Calling this method directly will be useful if you need to modify your partitioned table after the fact.

Allowed keyword args:

- `infinite_time_partitions`
- `inherit_privileges`
- `premake`
- `retention`
- `retention_keep_table`

> Note that we detect if the value of `inherit_privileges` is changing and will automatically call `safe_partman_reapply_privileges` to ensure permissions are propagated to existing child partitions.

Author: Same comment as above. Is this too magical?

Reviewer: No, I think this is just eliminating a sharp edge from partman.

```ruby
safe_partman_update_config :table,
  infinite_time_partitions: false,
  inherit_privileges: false,
  premake: 10
```

#### unsafe\_partman\_update\_config

> As mentioned previously, we have chosen to flag the use of `retention` and `retention_keep_table` as an unsafe operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with creating a partman parent table, we have chosen to flag the use of `retention` and `retention_keep_table` as an unsafe operation.
```
